Muhammad Ali (born Cassius Marcellus Clay Jr.; January 17, 1942 – June 3, 2016) was an American professional boxer and activist. Nicknamed "the Greatest", he is regarded as one of the most significant sports figures of the 20th century and is often regarded as the greatest heavyweight boxer of all time.
Muhammad Ali's record when retiring was an astonishing 61-5, with three of those losses being avenged(Joe Frazier, Ken Norton, Leon Spinks)!
Tunney Hunsaker was an American professional boxer who is best remembered as the first professional opponent of boxing great Cassius Clay, later known as Muhammad Ali. Outside of his boxing career, Hunsaker served many years as the Police Chief of Fayetteville, West Virginia.
Muhammad Ali's professional debut was on October 29, 1960 against an opponent named "Tunney Hunsaker".
Ali was the age 22 when he first won the title, being the youngest to win the title from a reigning heavyweight champion. This was a huge upset as Sonny Liston (the person who Ali beat) was a very feared fighter with supposed ties to the mafia, commentators didn't even think Muhammad Ali would show up and in a huge upset won by TKO in the seventh round.
Cassius Clay and then Cassius X before eventually changing his name to Muhammad Ali.
Muhammad Ali refused to be drafted to fight in the Vietnam war which caused his boxing license to be revoked
"Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. You can't hit what your eyes don't see.", "I am the greatest. I said that even before I knew I was. I figured that if I said it enough, I would convince the world that I was really the greatest."
Ali fought Joe Frazier for the third and final time in their heated rivalry that was 1-1 going in. This fight resulted in a loss for Joe Frazier as his corner threw in the towel in the 14th round.
Ken Norton, Joe Frazier, Larry Holmes, Leon Spinks, Trevor Berbick were the five men that were able to beat Muhammad Ali. 
June 3rd, 2016 was the day Muhammad Ali passed away in Scottsdale Arizona with a respiratory illness.
Muhammad was born in Louisville, Kentucky on January 17th, 1942 as Classius Marcellus Clay Jr. and was named after his father Cassius Marcellus Clay Sr.
Muhammad Ali's trainer was Angelo Dundee, a renowned boxing trainer who played a significant role in Ali's career.
Muhammad Ali won one Olympic gold medal in boxing. He achieved this feat at the 1960 Rome Olympics, competing in the light-heavyweight division. Ali's remarkable boxing skills and charisma in and out of the ring made him a legendary figure in both the amateur and professional boxing worlds.
The answers may shock you! Ali's 60th and 59th fight both had viewership numbers that hit 2 BILLION! Along with the more popular in "pop culture" fights The Thrilla in Manila and The Rumble in the Jungle that both hit 1 billion. 
Ali was VERY decorated amateur boxer, winning gold 7 times in total within a span of 2 years (1959, 1960) in competitions such as the US National Championships and even the Olympic Games in 1960. 6 of the gold medals (including his Olmypic gold) in the Light-heavyweight division and 1 in the heavyweight division (Intercity Golden Gloves in 1960).
Ali was a heavy underdog in The Rumble in the Jungle against George Foreman as people Ali had struggled to beat and even lost to (Joe Frazier and Ken Norton) were being knocked out within 2 rounds of fighting Foreman who was knocking them out brutally and seemingly without breaking a sweat. There was footage of George Foreman DENTING heavybags, so to deal with Foreman's immense power Ali deployed a technique called the "Rope-A-Dope" where you lean against the ropes and the force of the punches you take partially get absorbed into the ropes. Ali spent a lot of the fight using the technique with Foreman brutally hitting Ali with everything he got but also using a LOT of his stamina/energy,  eventually in the 8th round a fatigued Foreman did not expect Ali to turn the tables and go on the aggressive and was promply knocked out.
Ken Norton within the second round broke Ali's jaw, with the fight going to a decision after 12 brutally fought rounds (1o rounds being fought with a broken jaw by Ali) with a split decision going to Norton. Although Norton was then beaten by Ali twice, a lot of people argue that Norton won all THREE.
On March 24th, 1975 a boxer named Chuck Wepner who wasn't considered that "great" and more of a journeyman turned the tides and knocked Ali down after convincingly losing the fight till that moment but through watch back it was clear that Ali had tripped as Wepner stepped on his foot when he threw the punch that was mistakingly thought to have knocked Ali down. Interestingly enough, Chuck Wepner is actually the real life inspiration of Rocky Balboa.
Parkinson's syndrome which a lot of boxers suffer from through continous blows to the head throughout their career is what Ali suffered from. Ali's condition eventually took a hold of him and even in his last three fights it is evident that he was exhibiting early signs of the condition and attribute to his losses as he was not able to perform at peak condition, his condiiton was most likely worsened because of this as well as he took brutal beatings in his last two losses. 
Greetings, my friend.
Bye :)
Goodbye!
Hi :)
Salutations, hope you're having fun using this bot!